hi I'm flashes em this is ten ways
Miller if you're new this is a number 10
weight and all of your new try to hug
someone in infection oh my god oh my god
it thumbi fold me he'll a new gotta your
new if you think you're the Oracle and
you do anyone be the Oracle a forest
you're not special oh I'm special
special number eight way to know if
you're new it did you brag about your
offer
hey guys check out my hours like totally
amazing number seven way of knowing that
you're a noob in halo 3 is rafting on
last resort yeah I'm rapping I'm so cool
newsfeed so much fun the number six way
to tell is your new on halo 3 is
completely safe oh my god oh my god
father Jim now what haha now I you do
oh hey hey get over here guys I got
awesome 1 i'm gonna kick your butt with
it hahaha you all die crap what's that
speaks to back do you think they got is
amazing
you're absolutely new when you don't
have a mic and double team do you have a
bike hey do you have a mic do you have a
my boo the number one way all I start
over 20 the numbers three way to know if
your new business you run away from a
fight while you're in a tanking shaft
buy a gun oh my gosh I mean your
character like your sugar Roy oh wait
I'm not a fuel I know Papoose wow this
is how we're gonna demonstrate by
showing what kind of movie are like not
spoiling the flag when you're only two
inches away all right I got it now to
run back in the store
number one way to know if you're new if
you rush for the plaza system
hmm wasn't before sniper man i think
i'll take that plus
hi